the preseason has made the young man
front of paris mister evil is going to be
difficult to keep what
situation has this team of paris in
german particularly with the situation
thiago motta already said openly that
wants to go he wants to go play with the
Atlético de Madrid that has a debt
pending with its passage through the set
colchonero that did not give what it would have
expected
they do not want to let him leave the club he has not
participated so far in this
international always scope by will
own he said I'm not here to play
trying to negotiate my way out
I hoped there could be minutes today
it does not do it when at least one starts
very delicate situation for the whole
French that here moves ball with be
ratico sdat seize
the decisive match to have champion
of the international temple escape in 3
Manchester and ship and Paris Saint
germain from the sun of the film in chicago
in the company of Rafael Ricardo
for he who speaks to you through the
signal of them well sports
flag reached the ball to heel
before he could he came into contact
with the ball as we already have
mentioned backwards it costs him already what
I had overcome I have silva and the bounce
it fits and stays in front and then to
my understanding returns wrong to choose him
moves very well july
Long ball for Wayne Rooney the pot
then he favored country
all over the arch of covington is also
pointed to the Dutch party
extraordinary the one of rooney long ball
tack the tip to the side a little bit
open there we see it the assistance is
great schweinsteiger and that
important is there yes of country there if
appears only of this is surely something
of what you are trying with de pai van
gaal has a procedure also not so
simple I think I like that of zlatan a
process that at least taking into account
the technical conditions of memphis
depay that will take direction of the game
French the lack is marked without problem
to laundering of book walk is the referee
today's erratic on the ball
for this there is no advance position is
downward
Augustin in the wind area by marking the
youngster contact of the big ones is going to
to be a string, the doubt remains, it gives me the
impression that it is so plucked well
then how the ball goes down the Swedish
a capacity to generally play and
for the size that distinguishes it
technicians are usually learn the
footballers who are very tall it costs them
talca look for him
the head and good need that one speak
good for someone to make mistakes already
that debate in the headbutt does not have
that jumping the Swedish can not give
incredible goal direction what's
luxor had missing I do not seem to know if that
little push here we will appreciate it
with his right arm he hardly touches it
I think it will not be necessary to cover myself
I left to claim and if I agree with you
lucas moura
and after a too little decided
david de gea if you leave you doubt if you leave or
I do not think it's right because it comes
marked and is never like Augustine
to top it off but this man this young
it shows the smell of goal that it has
because before the complication and the brand
of two and the presence of the goalkeeper just
you can tap
what we see on the screen tells
White
you have great figures
thiago silva lucas moura viva
good ball for maxwell max othón
and
portento of gol lukas for is the tan is
the outside and I touch and move and the
maxwell center is a jewel a ball
spectacular because it prevents them from falling
out of free fire to the first defender
and it puts frank of course that is
a procedure as it was, there must be
strict attribute the certain
responsibility to jones basic premise
of soccer the ball is not marked jhon se
was with the ball all the time and never
he realized that behind him
he appeared totally alone this man and
he pushed the face that we saw from
amateur of now as a fourth is
previous of champions is equal
play off
back the center will be at the far post
I can control the bush
simpler until the control that
he gave us in the first time that he
canceled by advanced position and kills
know that it should have been
The ball is good on his feet
of pereira had even the option of
res enter first intention
with the deduction ball
3 left with the play a lot
rooney head for sport
very uncomfortable the finished arriving the
ball to the dutch the good the intention
very good diagonal Wayne Rooney
new account and demonstrating the ability
that you have to move within the area
I fight that supports pereira that follows
being very clear and it was a and that it appears
and aware that he can not finish assists
Whoever comes from the front is on top of
united and want a goal
marquinhos with the ball
towards the front of the ball
It passed by one side it appeared well
endorsement brands and that never stopped going the
lateral now by right of paris or
German was planted in the area left him
out and ended up attending the incredible
no special constant domain in the
second part in favor of
the set of the united the most clear
it seems to be patterns
good balance here finished the game in
chicago victoria of paris saint germain
2 goals for 0 over Manchester United
I had already bet on a good part of
its holders laurent blanc-continued
combining his football players greets
now to ryan giggs the assistant of louis
van gaal is still looking for the Dutchman to
could be dismissed the French technician who
there is the greeting also among the
protagonists
the rafa image of zlatan ibrahimovic
author of the second goal or on your team